hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is my review of the Origin PC
evo 15 s so origin PC they are a
boutique PC company they make custom
desktops custom laptops and this is
their 15-inch gaming laptop that's
pretty thin let's take a look the
packaging is pretty nice it's a big box
so you get the laptop the AC adapter a
branded neoprene sleeve and you also get
an Origin t-shirt the top surface is a
black anodized aluminum with the origin
logo etched in it doesn't light up or
anything if you want there are a bunch
of paint options to choose from when you
order and it's not too expensive the
bottom is also aluminum there's some
speaker grilles venting and then some
suede material here to keep the
temperatures tolerable when it's sitting
on your lap you can open it up easily to
swap out the two and a half inch drive
but if you want to upgrade the RAM or
the PCIe Drive you have to open it up a
bit more
the screenflex isn't bad and the chassis
is also pretty rigid but there's a
little bit of flex on the palm rest area
the hinge up top has good tension but it
doesn't run the full length of the
screen it's only at the edges so some
cheaper plastic laptops can bust at the
hinge when they're designed like this
but this particular hinge seems solid
and well made so it shouldn't be a
problem ports around the side on the
right we have a USB 3.1 type-c an SD
slot HDMI mini display and an Ethernet
jack on the left side we have USB 3 and
audio ports the power connection is
closer to the center of the laptop
instead of the back so the cables can
get a little messy if you have a couple
peripherals attached the evo 15 s
retails for around 2,200 dollars there's
an almost identical laptop from MSI
called the GS 60 Ghost Pro and when you
configure it to match this the origin is
around $200 more but you're getting a
much more customer oriented experience
with stuff like lifetime support for the
laptop on the inside we have the same
material as the outside surface it shows
smudges but it's easy to clean the
keyboard is off-centered because the
number pad but it's excellent for typing
or gaming the key travel is good
feedback is good and it's a keyboard
that I think you'll immediately enjoy
using it also has SteelSeries lighting
which is pretty customisable it works in
zone
and not individual keys but you can
adjust the colors and settings
extensively the trackpad is okay
it's a textured plastic surface the
tracking is okay but I don't like the
buttons the activation pressure doesn't
feel particularly consistent and it's
not a very satisfying click but you'll
probably have a mouse connected to this
for gaming anyways one thing that does
kind of worry me is this grille up here
so if you spill a drink and I mean it's
never a good idea to spill stuff on a
laptop but this grille goes directly
onto the fans and the motherboard so
yeah don't spill stuff on this one the
screen is a 15.6 inch 1080p IPS panel
it's a matte finish it's bright
it has good contrast and the viewing
angles are good there's a little bit of
light bleed on the top corners and the
bezels are wide but overall they did a
great job on the screen there is an
option for a 4k display and it costs
around $100 more but if you're just
playing games the 1080p panel here is
more than sufficient the solid-state
drive the included is 256 gigs and it's
really fast I'm happy they put a
high-end SSD in here the second drive is
a 7200 rpm hard disk for storage it's
running a quad-core skylake i7 the 6700
HQ it's like the standard skylake gaming
laptop CPU and when you combine it with
the 970 m and 16 gigs of ram this setup
is a great performer light and
moderately demanding games running at
1080p are easily handled you'll be able
to hit 60 frames per second at 1080p on
ultra moderately demanding games can
still hit 50 to 60 frames per second on
Ultra I mean depending on the game but
the most demanding games like 3d
open-world games and triple-a shooters
you might need to be on medium settings
to hit that 60 frames per second mark on
ultra these super demanding games will
run closer to 30 or 40 frames per second
this particular 970m has 6 gigs of video
ram but it doesn't make a significant
difference for gaming over the more
common three gig version the power
button switches from blue to red when
the discrete video card is being used
and even with this graphics switching
battery life is really short
it's a 47 watt hour battery which is on
the smaller side for 15-inch laptops and
you're only going to get around 2 hours
of regular use and around an hour of
gaming now it's a thin laptop so there's
only space for a smaller battery but
you're going to need to bring the power
adapter around with
the speaker is project out from the
bottom which I'm usually not a fan of
but these sound good
the Evo 15s actually has an upgraded
sound card over the MSI ghost
so if music and sound are important to
you keep that in mind
the fans are audible even when they're
idling and under load it gets pretty
loud it does a really good job cooling
the device so there isn't much
throttling and honestly it's a good
thing that it's loud because the 970m is
a very hot chip if you don't blown off
air out you're just going to throttle
the system down
okay the origin evo 15s it's a thin
laptop made with a lot of aluminum 4.2
pounds overall build quality is good the
screen is reasonably color accurate and
it's great for gaming the keyboard is
excellent very responsive and the
lighting system is fun to customize the
trackpad is mediocre it doesn't have
great texture and has shallow buttons
inside the skylake i7 and gtx 970m are
both very strong performers the fans are
a little noisy but the device is well
cooled it has 16 gigs of RAM which is
plenty for any game you play on this
device but it's upgradeable to 32 the
storage they've included is very fast
and they're both upgradeable if you want
gaming laptops that are thin and
actually powerful are kind of rare so
it's nice to see another device with a
970m in this kind of form factor now
it's an expensive laptop because all the
components they put in here are super
powerful and just really fast nothing in
here is a value or budget oriented it's
all top tier components so if you're
looking for a top-end gaming experience
in a thin package this is one of very
few options and it's actually a very
good option but keep in mind that you're
going to have loud fans you're going to
have a lot of heat because that's just
the nature of the beast
thin powerful you gotta cool it properly
and they've done that that's the honest
review hope you guys liked it thumbs we
liked it subs if you loved it it's nice
I'll see you guys next time
you